Add a new FAQ section (#12)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: faqs/basics.md

# FAQs

### Why do we need OlympusDAO in the first place?

> Crypto is an emerging digital economy in the early stages of a multi-decade economic boom. Dollar-pegged stablecoins dominate crypto and the dollar is controlled by FED. By using these stablecoins, we have given up crypto’s monetary sovereignty and opened crypto up to external dependencies that introduce systemic risks. While that was a logical risk to take in the early days, as we march towards mainstream adoption we should be aiming to regain sovereignty in the form of crypto’s own cross-chain protocol-controlled currency system.

Author: ```suggestion
Dollar-pegged stablecoins have become an essential part of crypto due to their lack of volatility as compared to tokens such as Bitcoin and Ether. Users are comfortable with transacting using stablecoins knowing that they hold the same amount of purchasing power today vs. tomorrow. But this is a fallacy. The dollar is controlled by the US government and the Federal Reserve. This means a depreciation of dollar also means a depreciation of these stablecoins.

OlympusDAO aims to solve this by creating a non-pegged stablecoin called OHM. By focusing on supply growth rather than price appreciation, OlympusDAO hopes that OHM can function as a currency that is able to hold its purchasing power regardless of market volatility.
```

> Crypto is an emerging digital economy in the early stages of a multi-decade economic boom. Dollar-pegged stablecoins dominate crypto and the dollar is controlled by FED. By using these stablecoins, we have given up crypto’s monetary sovereignty and opened crypto up to external dependencies that introduce systemic risks. While that was a logical risk to take in the early days, as we march towards mainstream adoption we should be aiming to regain sovereignty in the form of crypto’s own cross-chain protocol-controlled currency system.

Author: What do you think?

> Crypto is an emerging digital economy in the early stages of a multi-decade economic boom. Dollar-pegged stablecoins dominate crypto and the dollar is controlled by FED. By using these stablecoins, we have given up crypto’s monetary sovereignty and opened crypto up to external dependencies that introduce systemic risks. While that was a logical risk to take in the early days, as we march towards mainstream adoption we should be aiming to regain sovereignty in the form of crypto’s own cross-chain protocol-controlled currency system.

Reviewer: Makes sense. Let's go with this.

### OHM is backed not pegged.

> Each OHM is backed by DAI, not pegged to it. This means OHM can never trade below 1 DAI because the treasury backs every OHM with at least 1 DAI. It could trade above 1 DAI because there is no cap imposed by the protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
Each OHM is backed by 1 DAI, not pegged to it. Because the treasury backs every OHM with at least 1 DAI, when OHM trades below 1 DAI, the protocol would buy back and burn OHM, pushing its price back up to 1 DAI. However, it could always trade above 1 DAI because there is no upper limit imposed by the protocol. Think pegged == 1, while backed >= 1.
```

> Each OHM is backed by DAI, not pegged to it. This means OHM can never trade below 1 DAI because the treasury backs every OHM with at least 1 DAI. It could trade above 1 DAI because there is no cap imposed by the protocol.

Author: Good suggestion. Added a mention that protocol would buy back and burn OHM when it trades below 1 DAI.

> Each OHM is backed by DAI, not pegged to it. This means OHM can never trade below 1 DAI because the treasury backs every OHM with at least 1 DAI. It could trade above 1 DAI because there is no cap imposed by the protocol.

Reviewer: The content is good. I would just split into different sentences. It appears pretty stretched with this many commas. It doesn't read natural as a single big sentence like this.

> Each OHM is backed by DAI, not pegged to it. This means OHM can never trade below 1 DAI because the treasury backs every OHM with at least 1 DAI. It could trade above 1 DAI because there is no cap imposed by the protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
Each OHM is backed by 1 DAI, not pegged to it. Because the treasury backs every OHM with at least 1 DAI, the protocol would buy back and burn OHM when it trades below 1 DAI. This has the effect of pushing OHM price back up to 1 DAI. OHM could always trade above 1 DAI because there is no upper limit imposed by the protocol. Think pegged == 1, while backed >= 1.
```

> Each OHM is backed by DAI, not pegged to it. This means OHM can never trade below 1 DAI because the treasury backs every OHM with at least 1 DAI. It could trade above 1 DAI because there is no cap imposed by the protocol.

Reviewer: Yeah that looks better. Do you commit the latest suggestions or do you want me to do it? 😅

> Each OHM is backed by DAI, not pegged to it. This means OHM can never trade below 1 DAI because the treasury backs every OHM with at least 1 DAI. It could trade above 1 DAI because there is no cap imposed by the protocol.

Author: Thanks. I will commit it now.

You might say that OHM floor price or intrinsic value is 1 DAI. We believe that the actual price will always be 1 DAI + premium, but in the end that is up to the market to decide.

### How does it work?

> At a high level, OlympusDAO consists of protocol managed treasury, protocol owned liquidity, bond mechanism, and high staking rewards that are designed to control supply expansion.

Author: ```suggestion
At a high level, OlympusDAO consists of its protocol managed treasury, protocol owned liquidity, bond mechanism, and high staking rewards that are designed to control supply expansion.

Bond generates profit for the protocol, and the treasury uses the profit to mint OHM and distribute them to stakers. With LP bond, the protocol is able to accumulate liquidity to ensure the system stability.
```

> At a high level, OlympusDAO consists of protocol managed treasury, protocol owned liquidity, bond mechanism, and high staking rewards that are designed to control supply expansion.

Author: Added a simple explanation on how the different parts of the protocol work together.
